Remove monitord daemon and expand wmodules monitor module. (#3792)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/daemons/wazuh-modulesd.rst

  The task manager module creates, updates and manages all the tasks performed on the agents.

.. topic:: Monitor module

>   The monitor module, looks at agent connectivity, In addition, it rotates and compresses iternal logs daily or when they reach a certain configurable size.

Reviewer: *internal

>   Also, this module is responsible to send daily and automatic reports based on general/specific alerts captured.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Also, this module is responsible for sending daily and automatic reports based on general/specific alerts captured.
```

>   As well, within this module works the ability to send daily and automatic reports, based on specific alerts captured or more general alerts.

Reviewer: maybe it will be better to say: This module is also responsible of sending automatic reports....
